so good morning I am writing my essay
because of I have one due today and I'm
dying
but I'm always good I have written the
word state so many times in this essay
and I've only written about half so I've
written the word fifty five times any
900 word section of the essay and uh I I
can use it like three times in a
sentence or four times and uh I I don't
know it was not a great start so um it's
about ten twenty I just finished my
essay finished it's done by you to go in
and add my references properly and then
kind of clean it up a bit and make sure
that I don't have any unnecessary words
and mostly it's also I just want to cut
about like a hundred words long because
I'm not over to what limit perceive I
think you me slightly Moulton sighs
because I probably rambled on it a
little bit it's just the best thing I've
ever read done no but that's fine so the
plan for today I have two lectures I'd
be supervision afterwards just lands
over my break I need to refer to my
landlord note summation I don't you know
make myself look like an embarrassment
in my supervision so and if you guys
have no idea who I am I'm Melana through
me I'm taking the block for this way
because I thought and she thought it'd
be fun for me to take another block and
I did a vlog before you guys can check
it out if you want to I would very much
appreciate it but um in general I'm
gonna be vlogging this entire week and I
hope you guys will like it
many hours later it's the end of the day
I've just had like super husband and now
I'm just gonna
they were my essay from international in
the forecourt
for this Lodge so it's like 13 fun it's
very nice and big I hope like is that
face and horrible I really hope it isn't
but um and it's really cold outside so I
don't where do you want to go out so
Dean of a Dave not really is like 6 p.m.
I think 6:30 tree so am I going to do a
lot of work today probably not really
because I have stuff to do for my
extracurriculars my last year I didn't I
had like one this year I have more than
one we've got growth so it's all good
and yeah I've cooked dinner already I
mean you don
I should have film dad did it I'm sorry
I'm it's really easy to me if it means
to have so and Alana's back that was the
point
wait why because christmas is coming I
know that's so nice if I don't think she
said me anything for yours do you want
to bet no because I think you know your
mom better did I do I would so win this
bat I sure you know oh my god I should
have told her I should as I made the bad
first and then I should have like you
know if I win that show she said she has
to go to McDonald's with me every day
for an entire week I feel my arteries
clogging up hi it's me did you miss me
hopefully then it's currently taking
care off the top let's hope that we're
gonna get something looking good yeah
it's a lot of tape mom you taped this
really well there we go
it worked oh look at that
and guess who's is addressed to Elena
and see Jen told you right I mean thank
you you don't know what she sent us yet
maybe this is all a prank and we're not
getting anything AIDS I don't know oh my
god wait why's it such a cute card so
pretty I got mom why are you so cute so
sweet oh yeah oh that's so cute I think
yeah those are the advent calendars we
can put these up as like decoration oh I
think I think it's chocolate in there oh
love that pretty sure it is
oh yeah here we go see oh that's so cute
I'm gonna put these up because like I
miss my rabbit a lot so I have a lot of
like rabbit themed things
I mean hmm so yeah there's there's lots
of rabbit
you know themes in here so we're gonna
put these up in the room you're so cute
Thank You cousin I love you oh yeah by
the way guys those are like the things
that like keep me alive and these are
really really good I can attest yeah
like you wear these you can even like
wear a dress or a skirt I need to buy
some of these yeah they're amazing
and more food oh we love food hazelnut
chocolate and candied almonds oh I don't
know what is this cause this gingerbread
let whatever I don't know how is it cold
it's jamming right yeah this is the
German word for it today I think this
might be gingerbread oh I love
gingerbread thank you so much actually
like a ride boy this is really
gingerbread I mean if it it's coated
chocolate so I would like it so Elena's
been really into cooking lady welcome to
career Molina so here's the tutorial oh
we can but of course make sure you don't
hurt your nails so then you use all the
strength that you don't have to open it
congratulations and then you just put
this you had a pen actually this is a
pot not a pen
whatever it's fine you can say saucepan
it's a little thing Oh a saucepan look
at that and then you just turn this on
wonderful and now it will just work its
magic and then you have food perfect the
next day
good morning it's currently about and
yeah I am and I'm going to be in the
fact
you know like 40 minutes but right now
I'm just gonna be doing some work which
is um Collins right primer to
supervision which was supposed to be on
Friday but it's not like next Wednesday
but I've got a horrible horrible Asti
coming out with a thing for SACU and so
we are going to continue to Prix perhaps
so that I don't go crazy I type on most
of my newest dish yet because I've got
all heavy subjects but for a contract
and then I write out my textbook notes
for a contract but case book notes for
land sounds view but this is kind of
hard looks like because I'm trying to go
paperless so I have my good reading good
notes no but I have like this really
pretty cover and I wrote this and then
so this is how my notes that like so
it's just a really quick summary of like
no 20 30 pages of textbook notes so
currently I'm and this is what I take it
down at the actual supervision and then
I have this week's one which is
consideration and I'm just slowly going
three then this is a picture from the
textbook itself which is really using I
just annotate it with something so that
I don't need to write it all out and
it's the really good thing about good
notes just I can't do all of these
things and then still have my notes
looking quite decent five minutes later
it's honestly such a nice day out today
the weather is so nice
I mean it's cold but um you know it's
not raining which I absolutely dislike
but I'm in my room I'm doing some work
working on contract and still doing the
textbook because I write it all in it's
taking me such a long time because I'm
trying to understand the thing because
it's quite complicated because there are
so many rules and exceptions so I find
that writing these things all helped me
think about it a little bit better so
I'm not just blindly like typing things
down into like a piece of paper which
I'll just review afterwards so that's
how I'm dealing with this right now I've
got any supervision in two hours time
slightly hour hour so I'll try to finish
this tonight and hour and then start
preparing for my supervision which is
I'm just going to go through my notes
and make sure that I am logically in
tune with the words that I wrote on the
paper it's very important I don't want
to be butchered by my supervisor this
wood right here it's less a entity mmm I
have so I always have so many eras there
we go
I have so many errors in my notes like I
can't type properly I don't type a lot
but it basically means that I always
have so many misspelled words even with
all talk right because they autocorrect
the wrong words the wrong spelling do
like a completely different word and
sighs I'm just like
and science I'd like yeah like Latin
what's up like German what's in that
goes like different countries and then
they go wrong and I'm just like why why
why why see Jenna has a very different
vlogging style just product hammer on
people's faces but that that's like a
viable filming style you know I enjoy
this like you might not enjoy it but I
like it it's fine we love it when she
blogs and gives us horrible angles so if
you can't love yourself at your worst
angle how can you love yourself it's
your best angle you know you know
everything you only go better from here
you I mean it's a contrast like you're
like you
Wow look at the difference you were
preaching so and we are giving out first
chocolate out of it I hope this is
actually chocolate that we had plucked
with if it wasn't I mean I don't mind
was like skincare I'm boxing with it is
chocolate oh yeah this is pretty good
are you like a pro name on this orange I
can taste
orange mhm but not like intense orange
just like a little bit after that case
which is good Wow such connoisseurs of
chocolate yeah look at us being food
bloggers mm-hmm twelve seconds later
this venue no weak fan has gotten to you
yeah mmm that's what law school does -
mm-hmm welcome to Cambridge hi it's me
did you miss me hopefully um no it's
fine if you didn't um so guess who's
gonna be responsible now and go out for
food uh obviously one thing I want to
cut my underthings to cook it with you
know odd cravings our cravings I mean do
we have work to do yeah do I really care
at this point I do care but the thing is
I'm actually on top of my work this week
I can afford to do this see Jen is
always on top of the work so we got it
yes I believe in you hmm hey I have to
believe in thank you oh it's not always
say it at all um so here's the plan
we're gonna go and get food and then
we're gonna go to Sainsbury's because
Sainsbury's it's a place where our
friendship just manifests that a
McDonald's um and yeah that's pretty
much the plan okay I'm not going to
McDonald's somehow we're going to it's
ooh yeah guys I I stop craving
McDonald's like this entire week like
season has been asking like have you
already been to McDowell I know I have
it
and it's Wednesday she legitimately has
it I wish you went you been you in
lastik as well yeah I don't know I have
formulated a changed woman I think I'm
getting sick
[Music]
I thought it's closing on a 9 a.m. and I
have a 10 yen lecture which I will
remember to go to it is lastly I forgot
that it was a 10 a.m. and thought that
wasn't happening yet and so I was
running like 5 minutes late it was
really bad am I to run to lecture so
just not fun but so today I have a
really busy schedule I have to back to
my meetings and I 2 hour break so I'm
hoping I can sneak lunch somewhere Elina
kind of made me past already I just need
to dress it and then make my chicken on
it but before that I'm gonna throw
something on my face because apparently
were taking hit shots at the meeting and
I would like a look that's better than
this to be immortalized you know biggest
pictures are forever true is there
really much difference honestly not
really to be fair like I just want to
look more presentable and look a bit
more alive because I don't that because
it is 5:00 and the weather isn't green
and look stark green good to me which
means um you know there is no collar no
I don't like to sign but I color on my
face I mean can't even see anything hmm
three hours late L so I've been back for
a while now and I've just been walking
very slowly on contract and everything
so right now I'm going on to other parts
of contracts our family finish one third
of it it's taken a while
sadly I wish I'd be more efficient but
you know you gotta do what you gotta do
and yeah so I'm gonna do textbook stuff
and like make sure I can finish this by
today because I really want to finish it
tonight so I can stall in the history as
soon as possible which is um because I
want to do a lot of stuff so that's
important to me so I won't be so
stressed on like a second
the Uptown
[Music]
[Applause]
so these two were at a library for half
an hour so don't lie do you want to come
to the library we're gonna be productive
and I was like no and then they went
there for like 35 minutes and then they
went to five guys look at this I just
can't justify look this is the face of a
betrayer
he's zooming in my day you call me a
traitor I've got to admit your YouTube
or this is so funny you have a YouTube
or do I do
oh my honestly watch it but you'll see
you guys sorry I just knew zoom this out
you're going to college for without me
and I don't have the right to go to this
formal that's like not that we're not
going to graduate Hall and Ben's an
undergrad so um you know I've contacts
in the Graduate community and then
because it's not cool enough to be
friends of them you know I have
exclusive access are you jealous
I mean I just better you'll just you'll
get bad foods no that's what happened
like me drama so I'm gonna cook do now
you guys gonna watch
[Music]
I'm going to be making a chicken steel
so it's not like really really hard like
she's sooo pretty so I've just got some
well he think I'm gonna pen I'm just
gonna throw two onions in and the
vegetables in a chicken and I let it
stew for like 15 minutes and it's one of
my favorite things you with this is my
rice cooker this is about my life it is
pink Japanese rice cooking in there
that's already done but this is above my
life I made banana bread in here I'm
going to my face bottom of the year just
right side things look at what she's
wearing good I think that's really
pretty to use it's like the counter
brownie
I mean the garden covers everything yeah
but guys I'm finally wearing the ring
I had this ring for ages I like I
haven't worn it yet good morning
everyone
it's Alaina and I'm starting this day's
vlog because I want to show you guys
something that season and I was send
which is this little printer and it's
super super small it's just like a
little pink box it also comes in our
colors but obviously Alayna chose pink
um and they were so sweet because they
sent this to us for free and this is
amazing um I don't respond sir ships
unless it's a product that I genuinely
like and that I use myself and this is
definitely something that I will use
myself because of this little printer
you can print things on sticker paper so
you know you can like make your own
little stickers and I've been getting
into bullet journaling because like you
know I can make man with stickers
I've been trying dza does this hard work
like I didn't know that it takes so long
but I've tried okay to make like a nice
little bullet journal like page and I
think we're getting there you know I
wrote down like one of my favorite poems
which I wanted on there and then like
here these are like the things that I
made with the sticker paper
this is a little picture of my cousin
and me in Hong Kong and obviously my
rabbit because my rabbit is my life and
all of these things here you know these
things these are pre prints like Darren
little things that they have in their
templates also this is a template so you
just go through your app and then you
can just print these things out this is
also one of their templates like I would
have no idea how to do this but you can
also print your own pictures or your own
drawings if you want to it's all black
and white but then you can just color it
in and you know make it like a little
more creative I did that here try it at
least or here like a little rabbit just
like you know flying with a little
balloon I just thought it was so cute so
you know I've been trying to like get
more bullet journaling like I don't know
I feel like we're getting there it's not
as pretty as those like super Instagram
herbal ones but if I'm proud of it but
it's also super useful because as you
can see here I had seizure and just draw
my name in calligraphy and then I just
put this on my airports because you know
everybody has the same generic white box
so you gotta make sure that you know
which one's yours and now I just have my
name really individualized on here which
I really really like um so let me show
you guys how this works because I love
this printer okay so you just download
their app from the app store and then
you gotta obviously turn on your printer
and then you can just connect to it in
the app and yeah there you go it's
connected and then you can just
basically choose any of their templates
they have a lot of things you know they
have like really cute ones or you can
have like a to-do list template that you
can just you know put in their frames
really anything so you can get really
really creative with this let's print
out some fun ones oh my god the penguin
is pretty cute okay I'll just go on
printing this um that's fine go ahead
[Music]
there you go what amazed me about this
like the first time I did it is how
fastest is because like you let you just
click print and boom it starts printing
but you know that means you can just you
know get really creative and do that
like as you pull it journal along um
which is pretty cool so I'm just gonna
print a few more and I'm gonna show you
guys what it looks like and yeah then
you can basically go ahead and just
stick your stickers anywhere okay so I
just printed a few more and you can see
obviously I had to print a little rabbit
because I love rabbits so you can just
you know cut them out as you like and
then you can just you know put them
anywhere or you can just keep them as a
square if you want I usually cut the
things out because I think that works
better for me but it really depends and
since they're also frames and things
like that
or you know things like here this little
flower circle times it's great if you
just cut it out and then you can write
inside it um personally I really like
doing that so that's how I did
everything on this page and I think I'm
gonna use these and I try to make
another page I don't know I feel like
bullet journaling is not something that
I would like do is like a practical
thing because this took me ages and I
noticed doesn't even like look that
special probably to most of you guys
because social media showing us how like
perfect bullet journals can be but the
thing is making this was just a lot of
fun like this was really fair up you
dick it was like I sat down and you know
it was just like arts and crafts like
printing a little bit and then cutting
it out and then just putting it on here
maybe coloring it in a little and that
was it you know and it was just fun and
I really enjoy just playing around with
these um so for me this is more like a
relaxing hobby but if you're like
someone who know who's doing serious
bullet journaling or you just need like
a few stickers like for to-do lists and
stuff or you just want to you know stick
your name on your stuff or on your
folders then this is really really great
um so I would HIGHLY highly recommend
the printer I think it's so much fun
um the paper lasts for quite a bit um so
you can print out quite a bit with this
and you guys get some extra percentages
off um the link is in the infobox below
with a code so you guys can you know
shop if you'd like to personally I
really would love to printer and I mean
it comes in pink and if pink is not a
reason to
I don't know what is um so yeah I just
wanted to share um I was not obligated
to say anything positive about it I give
my honest opinion that is my condition
for any sponsorship and my honest
opinion is that I love this and I think
it's really really amazing thank you so
so much - for me it really means a lot
you guys sent this to me because I had
no idea you could like buy a printer and
just you know print your own stickers
but yeah we're gonna have a lot of fun
printing stickers in this house I'm back
how does she do you guys like to see her
this is still my channel the channel
name is Alaina hand trick this is my
channel in name only
how dare you
well she's gonna edit my blog to make me
look horrible so guess what I'm working
on contract again it's the last year
work on country and I um I just want to
go on to other things bigger better
things in life like legal history
[Music]
I am so tired it's almost 10:00 it's for
two minutes till 10:00 I'm going to
lectures only about half an hour's in 35
minutes and I just don't want to do this
anymore I just want to see you to be
fair it was like my was last night
I finished my work on time I said I did
what I did but I'd stay and read a book
which is like I brought this upon myself
so I can't say anything you know when
you do something stupid and you're a
good okay it's seven degrees it's like a
chance of showers
Wow you still can't see that but that's
fine there you go seven degrees it's a
little bit cold I'm cold all the time
ruins really cool this well I just don't
like that life is hard
life is hard I have two lectures today
and I should be done which means it's
the weekend and um I've got
extracurriculars Elena so we're trying
to achieve for work life balance yeah
I'm not sure it's working but I'm
suddenly trying to hours later I
finished my two lectures of the day so
I'm just gonna come and stay in my room
for the rest of the day and just you
know study in finish contract I'm very
tempted to go and buy kimchi but um I
don't know how they will go yet so yeah
it's Friday so I've got BBC a bit I just
want to make some dinner to bring over
so I meet Stu yesterday so I'm just
gonna heat up hey that was some rice in
my rice cooker and I just opened my new
rice and oh my god the rice is so pretty
like look at how pretty they are like
this is the good rice and with good rice
I would just like to see if you you
should cook it in a rice cooker don't
don't cook your good rice in a pan
because this doesn't make sense the next
day good morning today just you know I
imagine that I look normal and not
horrible like I do when she's moving in
um but yeah but filming a lookbook today
and I've wanted to do this for ages but
the thing is I'm so awkward like when
people are throwing me and I'm supposed
to like pose I can't really do that so
it's gonna be interesting
I'm going to attempt to film key artists
attempt I'm not a filmmaker by any means
the only kind of things I've done I like
via orientation videos for my school
including like 30 questions like the
Volk ones but like yeah but the thing is
you know she like pretend that she
nonetheless new stuff because she
already rejected my props and I think
that's not fair because her props are
law school books but they match see like
you have to like show like see I think
they like color match and like I think
it makes sense because it's a law school
lookbook they're like we have props
which are law books
it's a look you know like it's part of
like the law student life many hours
later hello
so I'm adding a block here I was just at
the scholars admission ceremony was just
by I'm dressed in all black not non
vicious I had like some chaos so that
goes on which is why I'm now did but um
you need to come back to reintroduce
yourself hi
it's done my channel yes so we're done
well I hope you like that hope you guys
want to freaked out by the stupid things
I did over to eat did you explain to our
fingers call I mean oh what a school is
it's basically when you do well in your
exams and tripods and I every end of
every year and I then you get to be
admitted as a scholar to the college and
basically what you
oh you guys certificate a really really
cool ceremony a certificate like this
we're just cool I get never ceremony I
got to UM say something about me
submitting yourself cheer for me college
etc and then I knew in from the vice
master and he sees in the name of the
Father the Son and the Holy Ghost and I
a letter in Latin and I a whole bunch of
other stuff about me being a method but
um I can't understand that in but over
in addition to being a scholar you can
speak Greece
um formal hall in laughing which is far
the reason why I've not done it yet but
I need to I think before I stop being a
scholar for the year I feel like it's
necessary definitely I will come to see
her sake race at home that's one way to
get away at all yeah but I will not end
a blog because it's gonna be a long one
I think yeah